So what? I overcome challenges Thio leadership. There's one for you right
now. You're in a smoke free and 80 for the most part underway. And
you're a drug free navy other way. I could tell you what I joined
the Navy in 1984 on a bitch of a neighbor, one that was not got the
goods. There was a rapid produce from the Vietnam era. Ships could
not get underway, and that was a problem. So see, you know at that time
ordered zero tolerance for drugs and we started kicking people out
and kick him out. We did that. So we had a drug for your name. And
now it's very interesting that medical marijuana is allowed in a bunch
of states at this point. Medical marijuana, though, is not allowed
in our navy. So that's gonna be a challenge for you knew. And I'm
sure those challenges coming. Okay. But we cannot have officers or
enlisted on our ships that are medically, medically on allied. A walk
that was not really saying I need my medical marijuana. Well, you
don't need to be a baby. That that's the kind of challenges at our
home in your face